[PMD CPD] Analyze multiple languages by default (#445)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/others/pmd-cpd.md

| [`root_dir`](../../getting-started/custom-configuration.md#linteranalyzer_idroot_dir) | `string`             | -               |
| [`minimum-tokens`](#minimum-tokens)                                                   | `number`             | `100`           |
| [`files`](#files)                                                                     | `string`, `string[]` | `.`             |

> | [`language`](#language)                                                               | `string`, `string[]` | (See [`language`](#language)) |

Reviewer: [suggestion] How about `(see below)` like this?

https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/blob/216f21b33946049d732f1967bc3375336bbb3076/docs/tools/java/pmd.md#configuration

```suggestion
| [`language`](#language)                                                               | `string`, `string[]` | (see below) |
```

Author: LGTM.
Fixed. commit df08e4f3dc60b0fae19ab1ba63c0d05ef90f928f

### `language`

> This option allows you to specify a list of languages you want to analyze, e.g.:

Reviewer: [suggestion] Because this option can receive not only "a list of languages" but also one language, what about this?

```suggestion
This option allows you to specify one or more languages you want to analyze, e.g.:
```

Author: LGTM.
Fixed. commit 6a7bb27e5a7370305023ba34b0bf6d6ee945d5e6

```yaml
linter:
  pmd_cpd:
    language: cpp
    # or
    # language: [cpp, java, python]
```

Here are available:

- `apex`
- `cpp` *
- `cs` *
- `dart`
- `ecmascript` *
- `fortran`
- `go` *
- `groovy`
- `java` *
- `jsp`
- `kotlin` *
- `lua`
- `matlab`
- `modelica`
- `objectivec`
- `perl`
- `php` *
- `plsql`
- `python` *
- `ruby` *
- `scala`
- `swift` *
- `vf`
- `xml`

> The default languages are marked by `*`.

Reviewer: [suggestion] This marking is a good way. 👍 

To make the description more clear, what about improving it as follows?

```suggestion
The default languages marked by `*` are used if you omit the option.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good, and I want to add more suggestion.

```suggestion
The default languages marked with `*` are used if you omit the option.
```

Author: LGTM.
Fixed. commit 5a7692e4e3ec495a305d6f7824549398c1462bdc
